This depository contains the software used to create the LONEOS Planetary Data System / Small Bodies Node (PDS-SBN) LONEOS Archive.

Each script or pipeline (which is a set of linked scripts) is in its own Branch. The Branches are in roughly the order in which the images were processed as described in more detail in loneos_processing_details_v2.pdf (https://sbnarchive.psi.edu/pds4/surveys/gbo.ast.loneos.survey/document/loneos_processing_details.pdf). Because this is being written prior to LONEOS Archive V2.0's release these links are to the existing version in LONEOS Archive V1.0 and are therefore of little practical use. NOTE: Because the PDF linked to in this paragraph is at an external site it will open in your browser, and its links will work as expected. This is unlike PDFs in GitHub whose links are non-functional. When you have finished viewing this PDF, and any links reached from within it you will need to use the browser's go back button to return to GitHub. Alternatively, you can right-click the PDF link and open it in a new window or tab. However, if you want full functionality in navigating within the PDF you will need to download it and use an actual PDF reader (e.g., Adobe Acrobat) to read it. However, even then you will not be able to link to the pseudo-links in orange font due to the PDS's prohibition on links to non "permanent" sites. In these cases, you will have to copy and paste these orange links into your browser to reach them.
A preliminary version of loneos_processing_details_v2.pdf is available in the main Branch.

Branch Renaming_f-formatted_ds_images (https://github.com/EdTedesco/PDS-SBN_LONEOS_image_processing_software/tree/Renaming_f-formatted_ds_images) contains the script to rename double-spaced f-formatted images recovered from backup tapes.

Branch Renaming_f-formatted_ss_images (https://github.com/EdTedesco/PDS-SBN_LONEOS_image_processing_software/tree/Renaming_f-formatted_ss_images) contains the script to rename single-spaced f-formatted images recovered from backup tapes.

Branch lois_none_double-spaced_pipeline (https://github.com/EdTedesco/PDS-SBN_LONEOS_image_processing_software/tree/Renaming_f-formatted_ds_images) contains the scripts to create augmented images and their .csv labels from the original renamed lois_none double-spaced images.
